come on babe rise and shine let's get
that beautiful ass out of bed you want
cereal what to Tiger please get a room
sorry
none of this is real not none of this is
real
all these memories were imprinted my
name is Alice Alice how nice to see you
again what the hell is going on here we
have you under all control
they used me to perfect the virus
everyone I've ever known
I recently preferred time being used
against me now they can manipulate the
one we've taken over New York Moscow
Tokyo this is humanity's last stand the
beginning of the end
and I kill you good luck you'll need it
umbrella is more powerful than ever
and we're the only ones
and stop them
you
hi waiting for a written invitation
sweet ride
you